Update make-api-calls.md (#9184)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/api/how-to/make-api-calls.md

*   [API schema docs](/api/) for request and response payloads for each endpoint.
*   If you are using [golang](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-go) or [Hashicorp's Terraform](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare), use our first-party libraries to integrate with Cloudflare's API.

## Pagination

Sometimes there will be too many results to display via the default page size, for example you might receive the following:

```txt
"count": 1,

>     "page": 1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 "page": 1,
```

>     "per_page": 20,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"per_page": 20,
```

*   [API schema docs](/api/) for request and response payloads for each endpoint.
*   If you are using [golang](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-go) or [Hashicorp's Terraform](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare), use our first-party libraries to integrate with Cloudflare's API.

## Pagination

Sometimes there will be too many results to display via the default page size, for example you might see:

> ``` "count": 1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```txt
"count": 1,
```

    "page": 1,
    "per_page": 20,
    "total_count": 200,
```

There are two options, which can be combined to paginate across the results.

> * page=x enables you to select the page you want to see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `page=x` enables you to select a specific page.
```

> * per-page=xx enables you to adjust the number of results displayed on a page. Don't select too many or you may get a timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `per-page=xx` enables you to adjust the number of results displayed on a page. If you select too many, you may get a timeout.
```

Example:

`https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/zone-identifier/dns_records?per_page=100&page=2 `

Other options are:

> * order - select the attribute to order by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `order`: select the attribute to order by
```

> * direction - either ASC (ascending) or DESC (descending)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `direction` - either `ASC` (ascending) or `DESC` (descending)
```

> The available options will be listed at the bottom of the result_info of the api documention, for example the request above: https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/dns-records-for-a-zone-list-dns-records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available options will be listed at the end of the `result_info` of all endpoints in the [API documentation](/api/).
```

*   [API schema docs](/api/) for request and response payloads for each endpoint.
*   If you are using [golang](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-go) or [Hashicorp's Terraform](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare), use our first-party libraries to integrate with Cloudflare's API.

## Pagination

Sometimes there will be too many results to display via the default page size, for example you might receive the following:

```txt
"count": 1,
    "page": 1,
    "per_page": 20,
    "total_count": 200,
```

There are two options, which can be combined to paginate across the results.

* `page=x` enables you to select a specific page.
* `per-page=xx` enables you to adjust the number of results displayed on a page. If you select too many, you may get a timeout.

Example:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/zone-identifier/dns_records?per_page=100&page=2 `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example might be `https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/zone-identifier/dns_records?per_page=100&page=2`.
```
